This is the sprint 3 reflection file.

[BurnDown Chart]

[Reflection of Zhihan Li]
    This sprint is mainly about load file and handle the collision of each two objects. Both parts require a lot of interaction between each
    object part(player-block, player-enemy, player-item, enemy-block, collision detection-collision handler). Each teammate exchanged opinions with other 
    teammates alot. Everyone are pay attention on create meaningful variable and class name which is easy for other to understand(even there are still some 
    variable name is not clearly enough as instructor mentioned on code review lecture). Some classes is little complicated than expect, we should take care
    of that on next sprint, try to keep each class only focus on one specific thing and keep each short. Overall, everyone in our team down their work correctly. 
    Hope every teammate can participate more in next Sprint.
    
[Reflection of Jason Lian]
    Sprint3 is more complex in the functionality compares to the previous one and it certainly requires more work. Through the process of editing codes I wrote for 
    Sprint2 and trying to add new functionalities, I realized that the complexity of classes can really influence the difficulties of reworking. Many new methods were
    added to the interface used for Sprint2 and adding them to every classes that implement the interfaces requires lot of time. I think it will be more efficient if 
    I could design the interfaces to have functions that are obviously going to be used in future projects in the first place. More works still need to be done to the
    enemy types which have the behaviors related to the player's location, that can also lead to more modification of the interfaces. I feel like although interface is 
    good for being generic, it clearly adds more complexity to the modification of codes. 
    
[Reflection of Patrick Cheng]
Sprint 3 added more functionality compared to Sprint 2. Things like loading files from csv file and interaction between object collision were implemented. There was a decent amount workload being done. Our team held meetings, discussed on how to implement certain parts of this Sprint and distributed the workload. Each level is layed out and there is a room that we can test all weapons and objects. A lot of new classes were implemented, some are more complicated than others. A lot still need to be done for the next sprint, this sprint is built as a good fountdation for the next one.

[Reflection of Fan Shen]
    Sprint3 a lot more complex and harder to implement than Sprint 2 with more content and functionality to fufill. It also reuquired a lot more dependencies between classes 
    meaning that at times some of the works on some functionality cannot be initiated until other classes are fufilled in the first place. This hindered our pace from time to 
    time requiring us to wait for one or memeber to finish their part to continue on with other parts of this sprint. I expect this to be more of the case as the classes 
    and functionality in sprint 4 and 5 become more and more intertwinded. We could definietly use more coordination and cooperation going forward.
    
